*********************Explanation of Project******************************

In my project, I web scraped and crawled IMDB for a lot of movie data, specifically the top 250 Movies as rated by IMDB users. I used only one function to grab all the data and that is the get_data() function. This function gets enough data to fill all 3 of the tables: Movies, Actors, and Directors. The data for the three tables are put into 3 separate dictionaries: movie_dict, director_dict, and actor_dict. To run the program all you have to do is run the file and the rest will be prompted to you. When it says enter a command, enter 'help' and you will get instructions on what to enter for each user prompted input. Note for user: the program takes a long time to initially run when you run the file because the program crawls through many different URLs. When I say a long time I mean like 5 minutes so don't get discouraged if it is taking a long time. Please be patient!

Even though there is the help command, I am still going to give a more in depth description of what to do on the command line. To get info for any movie in the top 250 movies on IMDB, first you have to enter 'info' + enter. Then you enter the movie title (with capitals and spelt correctly, ex: The Dark Knight) and it will display some basic information for the movie. After that it will prompt user to enter a command again. This time enter 'graphs' + enter and you will get another prompted input for user to choose between the 4 graphs. User then should either enter 'lead', 'genre', 'director', or 'Actor/Actress' and depending on which command is inputted the correct graph will show up displaying some of the data I have collected. That is all you need to enjoy my project!

For grading purposes I am going to just explain how to run my test file. All you have to do is run the test file and then when it asks for a command just input 'exit' + enter. Then the test cases will run. Also keep in mind that when I was building the test cases I was using the most up to date top 250 movies from IMDB. That being said they could have changed since then so the database that I have uploaded should be used as the reference for testing. Thank you and enjoy!
